feat: adding library manager (#56782)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-library-manager/67116d7584d0b469b14579c1.md

---
id: 67116d7584d0b469b14579c1
title: Step 4
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

The rest of the objects representing the books have been filled in for you. You can take a look at them.

Now, you should start working on getting several common parts of the books.

Start by displaying all the books. Create a `displayBooks` function with a `catalog` parameter. The function should return a string that contains the `title`, `author`, and `pages` of all the books in the `library` array.

# --hints--

You should create a `displayBooks` function.

```js
assert.isFunction(displayBooks)
```

Your `displayBooks` function should have a `catalog` parameter.

```js
assert.match(displayBooks.toString(), /catalog/)
```

> Your `displayBooks` function should use an array method.

Reviewer: I would be more specific here because we aren't looking for any array method but  we looking for `map`, `reduce`, etc.

```suggestion
Your `displayBooks` function should use a higher order function. Ex. (`filter`, `map`, `reduce`)
```
